So let's update the UI then.
With that, we will finish this
first step of our project,
the simplest one, okay, that is just
having the normal standard flow.
So in terms of security and
steps that we are missing, and
we are not actually doing right now
because we have limited time today,
is confirming user's email,
that's also important, okay?
So you shouldn't activate this account
if the user is not confirming that
the email actually exists and
the user is the owner, okay?
So there is that missing step
that has nothing to do with
the authentication, okay?
It has more to do with not actually
using other people's email,
not impersonating other people's email,
and also to confirm that at
least the email does exist.
I don't know about you, but
if you are in a public Wi-Fi,
I travel a lot, so in a lot of airports.
So have you try airport
Wi-Fi on another countries?
Typically, they force you
to register with an email.
I typically put whatever email comes
through my mind at that moment.
And most of the time, you'll get in.
So that database is full of fake emails,
okay?
And the problem is that maybe you're using
an email of someone that has that address,
and you will receive spam from
that airport, which is bad.
And so
you should confirm users' email addresses.
Okay, so what we need to do is something
with the response, not just console.log.
And actually, after registering and
after logging in,
if it's okay,
we need to do the same thing.
So we need to probably set up our
client side account, our flag saying,
hey, we are logged in, and
we need to move to another URL.
So that's why what we are going
to do is we are going to call,
we're going to create a function, another
function that we can call that postLogin.
That we will call from both situations,
because it doesn't matter
if you have just register.
After registration, typically,
you are logged in as well.
So after registration or
after login, we are doing postLogin.
And we are going to receive
here maybe the response and
maybe the user object with the data.
I'm missing the arrow function.
So then both after registering,
I'm going to do postLogin,
I'm going to past their response,
and then we need to pass the user.
I will see if I should pass this user or
not, I will tell you in a minute.
And the same here Auth.postLogin response.
And here we have credentials,
we don't have a user.
So I'm not sure if you remember that
when we are getting the log in,
we are receiving the name and
the email from the server, right?
Remember that?
Well, we already have the email client
side because the email was typed by
the user, anyway.
But well, what we can do, because we
have credentials and not the user,
we can create a new object and
log in that will first populate, or
we will populate with credentials,
okay, with the spread operator.
And then we can add the name that
is coming from the response.
So then we normalize how postLogin
is going to receive the data.
postLogin will receive the response
object from the server and
also a user with name and email, at least.
Make sense?
From a security point of view,
maybe when we are registering,
we're also passing the password here.
So maybe you say, hey, maybe passing
the password is not a good idea.
So if you wanna be more
secure because maybe you
wanna clear the password
as soon as possible,
so you pass the name of
the user from user.name,
and you pass the email as user.email.
And that's also I create a new object,
okay?
So I don't keep the password in memory.
That is just something to add, okay?
So postLogin, what idea with postLogin?
Well, first, we should check if response,
the ok flag, is true or not.
If it's not true,
it's simple what we need to do.
We need to show the user a message, okay?
So far, okay, one thing at a time,
I'm going to make an alert.
We know we shouldn't be using alert
dialog, the native dialogs anymore,
but just for making this quick,
that's fine.
Typically, you will use a UI library,
or your own UI
library that will render a nice message
to the user within the DOM, okay?
But again, I wanna keep the project
as simple as possible so
everybody can actually understand
what I'm doing without getting lost.
So what to do here?
Well, first, our Auth object has a flag,
is logged in.
So I'm going to change that flag.
So is logged in, now is true.
And also,
it has an account that is currently null.
So I'm going to change that, and
I'm gonna say that this is the user
that I'm receiving as an argument.
So remember I'm receiving a user,
so I'm saving that as the account.
And then I should call updateStatus.
updateStatus was the only function
that was pre-arranged for
us, okay,
is the one that is just updating the UI.
And after that,
I'm going to talk to my router.
Again, this is my router,
has a go function,
where I can just say I wanna
go to the root folder, or
I wanna go to the account section.
So you pass a route and
it will go to the route, okay?
To me that will React router,
but this is a very simple router.
Make sense?
So if this works now after I'm logged in,
let me refresh.
So after I'm logging in here,
like will m@m, okay?
And after I type the right
password frontendmasters,
now I can save them or not.
I'm here in my account,
so I'm now logged in.
This is the account section
that have my name, my email.
If I'm going to the home, it says,
You are currently logged in as Max.
So it's working, and
I can go to see my details.
And I have a Log out button
that is doing nothing.
So I still need to create
the Log out button, okay?
But the first step is done, okay?
What about the Log out button?
Okay, from our point of view,
a Log out button is another function here,
logout.
We don't need the event, I think,
there is no form or something like that.
So what I need to do is to do the reverse
operation that we did here in postLogin.
So I need to change these two properties,
the flag and the account, back to null.
Make sense?
So this is false,
the account is going back to null so
I don't have any client
side logged in account.
And I'm also going to call, updateStatus,
that will trigger the whole
change in the page.
And maybe we go to the home, or
to the login page, or wherever,
it's up to us what we're going to do here.
So but if we want, we can talk to
the router and we can go to the home.
I can have another page for
after log out or whatever.
Make sense?
So if that works,
now every time I refreshing my page,
you can see I'm logged out,
which may be a problem.
Well, it seems like a problem, right?
So when we are working with authorization,
remember authorization
happens after authentication.
Well, maybe you can store a token for
the session or for a couple of days,
that's a different problem,
it's not actually authentication.
But anyway, after this, what we're
going to see is, can we do auto login?
So we're going to talk
about that in a minute.
So auto login is like, hey,
if the browser is remembering who we are,
can we just get in quickly?
So let me get back here at the masters,
Continue, I'm logged in.
And if I click Log out, I'm logged out.
So it's working.
So that's a standard flow with
a big warning that there are still
things to do in terms of security,
validation, okay?
So that's homework, because there are more
interesting things to go over today.